No acting
The teacher's portrait didn't miss either
You are our sister.
How could this be?
Isn't your sister getting an injection next night?
The doctor confused your test sample with the late needle
The Appraisal Results of Detective Lin's Understanding
That caused this misunderstanding
Fortunately, the old wife has doubts
Leaving a model of you in the hospital while you had a toothache
We only know the truth with re-testing
But that jellyfish bracelet I gave you
How could it be a kiss needle bracelet?
The big brother saved me before that bracelet.
The most valuable thing on me is that bracelet
So I gave it to him as a gift.
It's my fault too
Such a special bracelet.
I should have known earlier
To the airport
It was all a misunderstanding
You were unfortunately lost with us 15 years ago
We've been looking for you for 15 years
Now we can finally reunite as a family
Can my sister and brother go home?